= classy_struct

A better-performing alternative to OpenStruct

== Usage

First, create a class instance of ClassyStruct:

  require 'classy_struct'
  Widget = ClassyStruct.new


Next, create instances of that class the same as you would with any
other class:

  w1 = Widget.new


These instances are open in much the same way that OpenStruct
instances are open:

  w1.foo = :bar
  w1.foo  # => :bar

However, generated accessors are applied to the class instance (in
this case, Widget) instead of the object instance.  This means that
accessors only need to be generated once for the class, and instances
of that class get the accessors automatically.

You can also pass a Hash to the constructor, to be recursively
converted to ClassyStruct objects:

  w1 = Widget.new(:foo => :bar, :baz => {:xyzzy => :thud})
  w1.foo        # => :bar
  w1.baz.xyzzy  # => :thud

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Make sure you don't break the existing specs.
* Add specs for it. The specs should break with the buggy
  version if you're fixing a bug, or verify the new functionality
  you're adding.  This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
  bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches, which
  make it even easier to get the related changes and nothing else.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Alf Mikula. See LICENSE for details.
